add Validation docs (#975)
py-why/EconML: doc/spec/validation.rst

Validation
======================

Validating causal estimates is inherently challenging, as the true counterfactual outcome for a given treatment is
unobservable. However, there are several checks and tools available in EconML to help assess the credibility of causal
estimates.

Sensitivity Analysis
---------------------

For many EconML estimators, unobserved confounding can lead to biased causal estimates.
Moreover, it is impossible to prove the absence of unobserved confounders.
This is a fundamental problem for observational causal inference.

To mitigate this problem, EconML provides a suite of sensitivity analysis tools,

> based on `Chernozhukov et al. (2022) <https://www.nber.org/papers/w30302>`_,

Reviewer: One more comment - consider adding this paper to the references page and linking to that here instead.

to assess the robustness of causal estimates to unobserved confounding. 

Specifically, select estimators (subclasses of :class:`.DML` and :class:`.DRLearner`)
have access to ``sensitivity_analysis``, ``robustness_value``, and ``sensitivity_summary`` methods.

``sensitivity_analysis`` provides an updated confidence interval for the ATE based on a specified level of unobserved confounding.

``robustness_value`` computes the minimum level of unobserved confounding required

> to make it impossible to reject a null hypothesis (default 0).

Reviewer: The phrasing here feels slightly awkward to me; maybe something more like

```suggestion
so that confidence intervals around the ATE would begin to include the given point (0 by default).
```

Author: How about this. Might be good to use the words null hypothesis because that is the relevant kwarg in the actual message.
```suggestion
so that confidence intervals around the ATE would begin to include the null hypothesis (0 by default).
```

Reviewer: I think the way I'd use "null hypothesis" in a sentence is something like "the null hypothesis is that the ATE is 0", not "the null hypothesis is 0"; in the context of our API I think it's fine that we take a number as the argument with that name but in prose it seems awkward to me to claim that a confidence interval could "include the null hypothesis". I think your original sentence about rejecting the null is accurate (but I'd characterize the default null as `(that the ATE is 0 by default)` rather than your parenthetical), but the "impossible to reject" seems harder to think about than a more positive framing even though it's correct.
